Add document and image to deploy antrea-octant-plugin (#59)
vmware-tanzu/antrea: docs/octant-plugin-installation.md

detailed installation instructions.

You can follow the steps listed below to install octant and antrea-octant-plugin on linux.

1. Get and install Octant v0.8.0.

    Depending on your linux operating system, to install Octant v0.8.0, you can use either
    ```
    wget https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/octant/releases/download/v0.8.0/octant_0.8.0_Linux-64bit.deb
    dpkg -i octant_0.8.0_Linux-64bit.deb
    ```
    or
    ```
    wget https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/octant/releases/download/v0.8.0/octant_0.8.0_Linux-64bit.rpm
    rpm -i octant_0.8.0_Linux-64bit.rpm
    ```

2. Export your kubeconfig path (file location depends on your setup) to environment variable $KUBECONFIG.

    ```
    export KUBECONFIG=/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf
    ```

3. Build antrea-octant-plugin.

    ```
    make bin
    ```

4. Move antrea-octant-plugin to OCTANT_PLUGIN_PATH.

    ```
    # If you did not change OCTANT_PLUGIN_PATH, the default folder should be $HOME/.config/octant/plugins.
    mv antrea/bin/antrea-octant-plugin $HOME/.config/octant/plugins/
    ```

5. Start Octant as a background process with UI related environment variables.

    ```

>     # Change port 80 according to your environment and set OCTANT_ACCEPTED_HOSTS according to your demand

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Change port 80 according to your environment and set OCTANT_ACCEPTED_HOSTS based on your requirements
```

# octant and antrea-octant-plugin installation

## Overview

There are two ways to deploy octant and antrea-octant-plugin.

> * Deploy octant and antrea-octant-plugin as a process (out of Kubernetes cluster).

Author: OK, will change all to Octant.

> * Deploy octant and antrea-octant-plugin as a pod (inside Kubernetes cluster).

Author: OK.

### Before you start

> antrea-octant-plugin depends on monitoring CRDs, AntreaControllerInfo and AntreaAgentInfo.

Author: OK.

> To run octant together with antrea-octant-plugin, please make sure you have these two CRDs defined in you K8s cluster.

Author: If monitoring module runs fine, there will be CRD added. And there will be no problem for UI even if there are no members created, then we will show empty tables with only headers of each column.

But the problem I want to raise here is that the definitions of AntreaAgent/ControllerInfo must exist in the cluster, otherwise antrea-octant-plugin and in fact, octant navigation bar itself will encounter problems just like it has appeared in our previous set up. 

I have thought of copying the monitoring CRDs definitions to antrea-octant.yml, but I am afraid that in that case if someone accidentally deletes antrea-octant.yml, then antrea monitoring module will encounter problem. 

For the current yaml files, we need to create antrea.yml first, then antrea-octant.yml. For deletion, delete antrea-octant.yml and then antrea.yml. Maybe I should also add this information to the document? @jianjuns

> To run octant together with antrea-octant-plugin, please make sure you have these two CRDs defined in you K8s cluster.

Reviewer 2: My question is - if the CRD definition is not added, will Antrea controller and agent be able to run? If not, we need not to say CRD is a must for Octant plugin separately; or at least we should say "if Antrea is not deployed, then you need to at least add CRDs".

Could we fix the Octant plugin issues when CRD definition is missing?

> To run octant together with antrea-octant-plugin, please make sure you have these two CRDs defined in you K8s cluster.

Author: If the CRD definition is not added, controller and agent are able to run since monitor is a separate goroutine. But monitoring goroutine will exit in this case because creatinon operations will get error.

If the CRD definition is missing, I think we need to query all the existing CRD types to fix the octant plugin issue. Let me take a further look at this part.

> To run octant together with antrea-octant-plugin, please make sure you have these two CRDs defined in you K8s cluster.

Reviewer 2: Got it. Here at least say if Antrea is deployed before Octant plugin starts using the standard deployment yaml, CRDs should already be added.

```
wget https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/octant/releases/download/v0.8.0/octant_0.8.0_Linux-64bit.deb

dpkg -i octant_0.8.0_Linux-64bit.deb
```
or
```
wget https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/octant/releases/download/v0.8.0/octant_0.8.0_Linux-64bit.rpm

rpm -i octant_0.8.0_Linux-64bit.rpm
```

2.Export your kubeconfig path (file location depends on your setup) to environment variable $KUBECONFIG.

```
export KUBECONFIG=/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf
```

3.Build antrea-octant-plugin.

```
make bin
```

4.Move antrea-octant-plugin to OCTANT_PLUGIN_PATH.

```
# If you did not change OCTANT_PLUGIN_PATH, the default folder should be $HOME/.config/octant/plugins.

mv antrea/bin/antrea-octant-plugin $HOME/.config/octant/plugins/
```

5.Start octant as a background process with UI related environment variables.

```
# Change port 80 according to your environment and set OCTANT_ACCEPTED_HOSTS according to your demand

OCTANT_LISTENER_ADDR=0.0.0.0:80 OCTANT_ACCEPTED_HOSTS=0.0.0.0 OCTANT_DISABLE_OPEN_BROWSER=true nohup octant &
```

Now, you are supposed to see octant is running together with antrea-octant-plugin via url http://(IP or $HOSTNAME):80.

> ### 2. Deploy octant and antrea-octant-plugin as a pod

Reviewer 2: I think better to make this the first option.

> ### 2. Deploy octant and antrea-octant-plugin as a pod

Author: OK, will make it the first option.

To deploy octant in pod, please refer to the example [Running octant in cluster](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/octant/tree/master/examples/in-cluster)

Following the example above, you need to execute the commands below in order to run octant and antrea-octant-plugin in pod.

1. Build octant-antrea-ubuntu docker image.

```
make octant-antrea-ubuntu
```

> 2.Create a secret that contains your kubeconfig.

Reviewer 2: Is it possible to use ServiceAccount token for authentication?

Author: I did not find the information from Octant repository. Let me investigate more for this.

Author: Have found a feature request in octant repo https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/octant/issues/134

Reviewer 2: I see.

# Octant and antrea-octant-plugin installation

## Overview

There are two ways to deploy Octant and antrea-octant-plugin.

* Deploy Octant and antrea-octant-plugin as a Pod (inside Kubernetes cluster).

> * Deploy Octant and antrea-octant-plugin as a process (out of Kubernetes cluster).

Reviewer 2: I guess we should not say "out of the K8s cluster" as the process could run on a Node too. If you want, we could say: could be out of K8s cluster.

# octant and antrea-octant-plugin installation

## Overview

There are two ways to deploy octant and antrea-octant-plugin.

* Deploy octant and antrea-octant-plugin as a process (out of Kubernetes cluster).

* Deploy octant and antrea-octant-plugin as a Pod (inside Kubernetes cluster).

### 1. Deploy octant and antrea-octant-plugin as a process

> See details in [octant installation](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/octant/blob/master/README.md#installation)

Author: Done.
